# First to Disclose

## What is FirstToDisclose? 

FirstToDisclose.net is a community-powered online repository and
application for inventors to disclose their inventions and other
innovations to the public.  The project was concieved at Brooklyn Law
School and has been incubated at the MIT Media Lab since the Code for
America "CodeAcross" civic hackathons held in March, 2015.


## What is the Function and Purpose?

The application is intended to support broadscale innovation by enabling
better opportunities for open, free sharing of inventions and generally
by facilitating ["idea flow"](http://socialphysics.media.mit.edu) in the
Social Physics sense of the phrase.  The project is making innovating
use of tags and federated identity. This project is also being augmented
to better support the ABA-MIT Online Legal Appathon happening in
conjunction with ABA TECHSHOW.   More information on this online event
can be found at [LegalAppathon.com](http://LegalAppathon.com).


## What do I Need to Know to Contribute?

The FirstToDisclose code-base was refactored into a Rails App, housed
and developed in this GitHub repository, by a team of volunteer civic
hackers who meet at MIT weekly (or more often) to move the project
forward.  Weekly project collaboration working meetings are generously
hosted (with Pizza!) by the Code for America Boston Brigade, at the
Cambridge Innovation Center on Tuesday evenings.  The project is
primarily organized using Slack and GitHub issues.  In addition to the
files, issues and wiki in this GitHub repository, see the
FirstToDisclose.info and law.MIT.edu/FirstToDisclose sites for more
information on the project.

# Setup

- Ruby version: 2.x

- Environment

    cp config/application.sample.yml config/application.yml

  Obtain a current `application.yml` from Slack. 

- System dependencies: Postgres

- Database initialization

    rake db:create

- How to run the test suite

    rake

- Deployment instructions

    heroku login

    git push heroku master
    heroku run rake db:migrate

    figaro heroku:set -e production

# Continuous Deployment 

Tests will be run from TravisCI. 

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/FirstToDisclose/firsttodisclose.net.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/FirstToDisclose/firsttodisclose.net)

[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/FirstToDisclose/firsttodisclose.net/badges/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/FirstToDisclose/firsttodisclose.net)
